hey we're back it's time for our
ultimate home town grill up this week's
winning recipe is hand-carved filet
mignon from Jack freak steakhouse in
Allentown Pennsylvania here is Nate
Meacham the chef em is this your place
you all know my family's business
fantastic yeah so bet bet and I love
filet mignon how can we make it
delicious well what we're gonna do is
we're gonna start with making the steak
rub okay okay so you guys want to start
pouring ingredients we got about 10
spices in there just everything that's
in here bored in here yep you've got a
granulated garlic onion powder paprika
red peppers is all on our website the
recipe mesquite seasoning black pepper
sugar chili pepper powder barbecue spice
and salt Julia Child do this once yes
what we did it was that was it okay okay
so we don't till Easter it is mix it up
mix it up box it up good well you know
my husband has been very well trained I
said a chef all right and then you know
long do we rub this so what we're gonna
do I'm just going to cut one more piece
off of here
and then we take them and all we do is
just put it put it right on top okay
just one side one side that's one side
just one side why only one side oh
because there's a lot of salt and so if
you like more you can do more but one
side will be will be plenty okay and
then we're going to put these on the
grill sign you put it on the spice side
spice are down okay and how long do we
cook a big piece of meat like that this
is going to take a little bit a little
while because it's so thick um shut the
grill probably four or five minutes on
each side mm-hmm okay and then show us
how to make this delectable garlic pie
ok that's pretty simple and it's a
garlic butter for the meat or is this
okay yes so we have the butter melted
here already that's actually margarine
and then when veteran it's it's it's
it's it it holds better at the
restaurant or for longer periods doesn't
separate okay so then we have the the
chopped garlic that's pretty simple but
don't smell that that's it and then
don't get it we had a little bit of
vegetable oil which is a meaning
greeting in the margarine anyway but
that keeps it liquid at a lower
temperature ok so that's pretty simple
it doesn't have to cook just else I need
to melt the butter now it's really good
ok so then what happens we take out our
meal then we take the steak out okay
you assemble it and you agree with the a
free service with the homemade Redskin
mashed potatoes solution I'm losing your
edge potato rep website the recipe is
also on our website the mashed potato
with everything they have their own whip
I'm sure they do and then we put a
little bit of garlic butter over top Oh
mine's better about an ounce that's not
a bad right yes I you put you adds an
electric scooter to right yes and we
have a sautéed vegetables eat vegetable
sushi week on occasion what do you think
oh absolutely bet do you want me to cut
you at these yes I'll take that where
you go and I'll take this one
that's delicious really good thank you
thank you hmm all right this is
fantastic when we come back we're going
to announce the next group of contenders
in the ultimate home town grill up it's
the Second World War category our
category is so good we did it twice
thank you great to see you good to see
you wonderful me if you like to try any
of our ultimate hometown good off
recipes your vote for your favorite
nominees just log on to our website for
all the details live returns in a moment